Request for new keyboard "Teton 78". (#24562)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/mountainmechdesigns/teton_78/readme.md

Reviewer: This readme now appears incomplete, it should closer to how you had it previously. See the [template](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/blob/master/data/templates/keyboard/readme.md?plain=1) for reference.

Author: Sorry, I just updated that with the missing info. :)

# teton_78

![teton_78](https://imgur.com/IwQgOy3.jpg)

A 68 XT designed by me (Bennett Balogh)! Sold at mountainmechdesigns.com

> * Keyboard Maintainer: [Bennett Balogh (https://github.com/AwesomeBalogh)
> * Hardware Supported:Atmega34u4 for Teton 78s' Hotswap and Solder PCBs
> * Hardware Availability: *N/A questions direct to Mountain Mech Designs discord: https://discord.gg/h9dMwRNfVy*
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make teton_78:default
>     make teton_78:via
>     qmk compile -kb teton_78/ -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make teton_78:default:flash
>     make teton_78:via:flash

Reviewer: A link to the product page would be most preferable here.
```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [Bennett Balogh (https://github.com/AwesomeBalogh)
* Hardware Supported: Atmega34u4 for Teton 78s' Hotswap and Solder PCBs
* Hardware Availability: [Teton 78 Group Buy](https://www.mountainmechdesigns.com/shop/p/product-5-fb9r2)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make mountainmechdesigns/teton_78:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make mountainmechdesigns/teton_78:default:flash
```

Author: Updated readme :)

# Teton 78 QMK Firmware

## Introduction

> [Teton 78](https://imgur.com/a/alexotos-pictures-of-teton-78-A39gN9e)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Teton 78](https://i.imgur.com/MnASIrv.jpeg)
```

This is the QMK firmware repository for the Teton78, a 68XT solder and hotswao keyboard designed by Mountain Mech Designs - Bennett Balogh.

The Teton 78 has entered GB and sucessfully finalized in November 2024 The IC page for the keyboard can be found [here](https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=123275.0).
The sale page can be found [here](https://www.mountainmechdesigns.com/)
Discord link can be found [here](https://discord.gg/h9dMwRNfVy)

## About

> Keyboard Maintainer: [Bennett Balogh](https://github.com/AwesomeBalogh)
> Hardware Supported: Atmega32u4
> Hardware Availability: N/A

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [Bennett Balogh](https://github.com/AwesomeBalogh)
* Hardware Supported: Atmega32u4
* Hardware Availability: N/A
```

## How to compile

After setting up your build environment, you can compile the Teton 78 default keymap by using:

>     make teton_78:default
> 
> Flash using
> 
>     make teton_78:default:flash

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    make mountainmechdesigns/teton_78:default

Flash using

    make mountainmechdesigns/teton_78:default:flash
```
